README.md, before:

Campus Energy Modeling
======================

NREL's Campus Energy Modeling project provides a suite of simulation tools for integrated, data driven energy modeling of commercial buildings and campuses using Simulink. The tools enable development of fully interconnected models for commercial campus energy infrastructure, including electrical distribution systems, district heating and cooling, onsite generation (both conventional and renewable), building loads, energy storage, and control systems.

Modeling Platform
-----------------

The Campus Energy Modeling library provides an interface between Simulink and several energy modeling and data tools:

* [SimPowerSystems][1] for electrical power systems
* [EnergyPlus][2] (via [MLE+][3]) for building and thermal equipment models
* [PVWatts][4] (via [SSC][5]) for photovoltaic arrays
* NREL's [DataBus][6] project for data acquisition (NREL internal use only)

[1]: http://www.mathworks.com/products/simpower/ "SimPowerSystems"
[2]: http://apps1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/energyplus/ "EnergyPlus"
[3]: http://mlab.seas.upenn.edu/mlep/ "MLE+ Toolbox"
[4]: http://www.nrel.gov/rredc/pvwatts/ "PVWatts"
[5]: https://sam.nrel.gov/content/sam-simulation-core-sdk "SAM Simulation Core SDK"
[6]: https://databus.nrel.gov/ "DataBus"

Documentation
-------------

Please see the [Campus Energy Modeling Wiki][7] for complete documentation, including [installation instructions][8] and a [getting started guide][9].

[7]: https://github.com/NREL/CampusEnergyModeling/wiki "Campus Energy Modeling Wiki"
[8]: https://github.com/NREL/CampusEnergyModeling/wiki/Installation "Installation"
[9]: https://github.com/NREL/CampusEnergyModeling/wiki/Getting-Started "Getting Started"

License
-------

_To Do: Figure out license and appropriate copyright info._

Commit message:

Updated README, change log, and release notes for initial release.

README.md, after:

Campus Energy Modeling
======================

NREL's Campus Energy Modeling project provides a suite of simulation tools for integrated, data driven energy modeling of commercial buildings and campuses using Simulink. The tools enable development of fully interconnected models for commercial campus energy infrastructure, including electrical distribution systems, district heating and cooling, onsite generation (both conventional and renewable), building loads, energy storage, and control systems.

Modeling Platform
-----------------

The Campus Energy Modeling library provides an interface between Simulink and several energy modeling and data tools:

* [SimPowerSystems][1] for electrical power systems
* [EnergyPlus][2] (via [MLE+][3]) for building and thermal equipment models
* [PVWatts][4] (via [SSC][5]) for photovoltaic arrays
* NREL's [DataBus][6] project for data acquisition (NREL internal use only)

[1]: http://www.mathworks.com/products/simpower/ "SimPowerSystems"
[2]: http://apps1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/energyplus/ "EnergyPlus"
[3]: http://mlab.seas.upenn.edu/mlep/ "MLE+ Toolbox"
[4]: http://www.nrel.gov/rredc/pvwatts/ "PVWatts"
[5]: https://sam.nrel.gov/content/sam-simulation-core-sdk "SAM Simulation Core SDK"
[6]: https://databus.nrel.gov/ "DataBus"

Documentation
-------------

Please see the [Campus Energy Modeling Wiki][7] for complete documentation, including [installation instructions][8] and a [getting started guide][9].

[7]: https://github.com/NREL/CampusEnergyModeling/wiki "Campus Energy Modeling Wiki"
[8]: https://github.com/NREL/CampusEnergyModeling/wiki/Installation "Installation"
[9]: https://github.com/NREL/CampusEnergyModeling/wiki/Getting-Started "Getting Started"

License
-------

Campus Energy Modeling
Copyright (c) 2013, Alliance for Sustainable Energy
All Rights Reserved.

Campus Energy Modeling is currently available for use for internal NREL projects only. We anticipate a broader release under an open source license in the future.
